Linux - Workouts 1 - 3 Improvements (#2096)
enkidevs/curriculum: linux/user-and-file-management/linux-intro/why-use-linux.md

---
author: kapnobatai136

aspects:
  - introduction

type: normal

category: must-know

tags:
  - introduction
  - linux

links:
  - '[Stack Overflow Survey 2019](https://insights.stackoverflow.com/survey/2019#technology-_-platforms){website}'

---

# Why Use Linux?

---
## Content

There are many reasons to choose Linux over other operating systems. Let's start with the fact that **it's completely free to use**.

> To be more specific, all of Linux is *open-source*[1]. For this reason, there are about 600 *flavors* of Linux available. We'll cover some of them later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be more specific, all of Linux is *open-source*[1]. 

For this reason, there are about 600 *flavors* of Linux available. We'll cover some of them later.

> 💡Fun fact: the most popular OS for mobile phones, Android, is also a modified version of Linux  
```

> And here are a few more reasons to use Linux:
> - It *works with any system* (from low-end to high-end)
> - It's *secure* (no antivirus needed)
> - It's *fully customizable*

Reviewer: Maybe we should say "hardware" instead of "system"?

I also remove the "antivirus" mention but that's

```suggestion
Here are a few more reasons to use Linux:
- It *works with any hardware* (from low-end to high-end)
- It's *secure* (no antivirus needed)
- It's *fully customizable* (you can change anything you want!)
```

---
author: kapnobatai136

aspects:
  - introduction

type: normal

category: must-know

tags:
  - introduction
  - linux

links:
  - '[Stack Overflow Survey 2019](https://insights.stackoverflow.com/survey/2019#technology-_-platforms){website}'

---

# Why Use Linux?

---
## Content

There are many reasons to choose Linux over other operating systems. Let's start with the fact that **it's completely free to use**.

To be more specific, all of Linux is *open-source*[1]. 

> For this reason, there are about 600 *flavors* of Linux available. We'll cover some of them later.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As the code is publicly available, it's somewhat easy to extend a Linux distro and shape it however you want. Because of this, there are about 600 *flavors* of Linux available. We'll cover some of them later.
```
no need to apply this exact copy, but thought it pinpoints better the reason

> 💡Fun fact: the most popular OS for mobile phones, Android, is a modified version of Linux  

Here are a few more reasons to use Linux:
- It *works with any hardware* (from low-end to high-end)

> - It's *secure* (no antivirus needed)

Reviewer 2: but you can still get viruses on linux can't you? you could argue that needinig to fiddle with the super user oftentimes it can lead to unsafe code being executed on your machine

Reviewer: yeah, i noticed this one too.

The best aspect of security with Linux is that, because it's OSS, it is forced to be developed in the open, which requires rigorous development and continuous updates, making it stay on top of vulnerabilities etc.

The trick is how to explain this in a few words

Author: hmm, not sure what the quick win would be here. should I just remove the "no antivirus needed"?

Reviewer: Maybe say

* continuously reviewed by experts

Author: yes, that sounds good. adding it now
